Kostadis Roussos: Everything on it.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, let me just see… Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Dookie Dookie Brewery.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Gargoyle. Okay, we start here as we delete this.
Kostadis Roussos: Perfect.
Kostadis Roussos: So there's gargoyle.
Kostadis Roussos: Xenia, you're standing right next to the gargoyle, so the gargoyle attacks you, okay?
Kostadis Roussos: He hisses at you.
Kostadis Roussos: It hisses at you, or… I don't know, something hisses.
Kostadis Roussos: And okay.
Kostadis Roussos: He attacks with two of his claws.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, yes, if you actually went and typed, okay, we are not doing that today.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, that's a critical.
george: Beautiful.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, it is.
Kostadis Roussos: That's 16 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: 13, 14 diamonds, sorry, 13.
Kostadis Roussos: And then, it attacks again.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Attack rolling.
Kostadis Roussos: And it does 6 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: And then, it flies away.
george: How much?
george: Six?
Kostadis Roussos: Total of 19 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: What just happened? My Chrome crashed, and…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright guys, that'd be… okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I believe the next… the other… the other, creature… Xenia, you're the only… only character who's not in the,
Kostadis Roussos: The cone of, the protective cone, right?
george: I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: The, the, that, that yellow, shiny area that, that we're, that, this…
Thomas Kolivakis: a team's online it.
Kostadis Roussos: This guy's tight, so then this guy over here… This one…
Kostadis Roussos: I think it's a fair range.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: 60 feet.
Kostadis Roussos: That's too far.
Kostadis Roussos: Definitely too far.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: So this guy is going to directly attack Palmer.
Kostadis Roussos: So let's attack calmer, text calmer…
Kostadis Roussos: Firstly takes damage, so let's do some damage, D20…
Kostadis Roussos: Can you roll… I have to… I wrote to roll for Commerce, no.
Kostadis Roussos: It would be convenient if he didn't do that.
Kostadis Roussos: See ya.
Kostadis Roussos: Change room.
Kostadis Roussos: Or I suppose the same 303D8 worth of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, the gargoyle takes 12 points of damage because it entered the zone, and it gets affected by the slowness effect.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, and… but that… That doesn't mean it doesn't get its attacks, so it attacks.
Kostadis Roussos: That's a hit.
Kostadis Roussos: Good text again.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the first attack is a hit, the second attack is not.
Kostadis Roussos: He takes 27 points of damage, and I have to make the same to reduce concentration.
Kostadis Roussos: It makes the statement thrown. Good, so calmer takes, 7 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, this way. All right, and the last gargoyle…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, and then he uses his disengage… Move over here.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, and then this gargoyle flies over here.
Kostadis Roussos: And also attacks Comer.
Kostadis Roussos: Since Palmer's got that ineffably annoying spell.
Kostadis Roussos: That does not hit callers or phones.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's see how many commas down less than that. Okay, so then he attacks again.
Kostadis Roussos: And this is again, and so the creature flies away. All right, Xenia, you're up.
george: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Just as a side note, these creatures are flying, so unless you have a way of flying or jumping up very high, you may not be able.
george: I might have limitation.
george: Do I?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
george: I have… wait, what is this?
george: Misty step, I could teleport.
Nicholas Roussos: I don't think it's important here.
george: There's Missy Steph.
Kostadis Roussos: So… Well, I mean, you could tell… you could teleport.
Nicholas Roussos: Tourism.
Kostadis Roussos: So here's what I'll let you do. I'll let you teleport to a spot where you can hit the guy.
Kostadis Roussos: It's a creature.
george: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Another thing you could do is you can run and jump.
george: Oh, that'd be easier.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you wanna run and jump?
george: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Could you tell me what your movement speed is, just so I know?
george: Where is it?
george: Where's the movement street?
Kostadis Roussos: It should be at the top of your character feeds.
george: I can't see it.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, I'm a shareholder.
george: 30 feet is 30 feet.
george: 3 feet.
Kostadis Roussos: So, that's okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Kostadis Roussos: Do you have the step of the wind high jump feet ability? Can you, like, jump… is there something that could cause you to jump higher?
george: I have…
Nicholas Roussos: I have jump.
george: Improved dash, So I could speed… my speed increased by 10 feet for the action.
Nicholas Roussos: I have just…
Kostadis Roussos: you could…
Nicholas Roussos: Actually, no, but that's the bonus action.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so you… okay, you… okay, so you can use… if you use a key point, the one.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you can take the dash action as a bonus action. So yeah, so you use dash, and it'll let you jump high enough to attack.
george: Okay, I must have a…
Kostadis Roussos: They're not, like…
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, there's… it's not a feat, you don't… I don't think you have… there's a special… there are some feats that might also give you the abilities.
george: But if you look at your features and traits, And I also.
Kostadis Roussos: That's what does it.
george: charge attack, I could do more damage.
george: So does that count as a charge attack?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, absolutely.
george: Okay.
george: Do other tech…
Kostadis Roussos: First of all, let's make sure you… let's, sir, make sure you can do this.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, we're gonna say you can do this, right? You go.
Kostadis Roussos: Mark, is that what I'm assuming you're doing?
george: What?
Kostadis Roussos: flying through the air, you know, like, Kung Fu Pic… Kung Fu Panda.
george: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
george: I do… what's his armor class?
Kostadis Roussos: Armor class is 15.
george: I do… shit.
george: There we go.
george: I do 8 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Only 8? Do you have more than 8?
george: I wanted to take.
Kostadis Roussos: from.
Kostadis Roussos: No, you can't use the bonus attacks, you can only use.
george: Good.
Kostadis Roussos: do you…
george: points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: That's it? Did you miss?
george: I only hit on one that I did, I ruled a 1.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, that's fine.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so you land on the ground, the gargoyle is very surprised to see you flying, and hisses at you. Hisss, hiss, hiss, and…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, tell me a question. Do you want to try to hold on to the gargoyle, or do you want to fall to the ground?
george: If I fall the T damage…
Kostadis Roussos: I'm gonna assume you don't take damage, you can, like, arrange so you don't take damage. The thing is that if you fall down, the gargoyle has a reaction attack against you. If you hold onto the gargoyle, the gargoyle does not.
george: Y'all, hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: You're gonna hold on? Okay, so you two are now on top of each other.
george: Oh, good.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
george: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Zephyr, you're up.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on, before we do that…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, before we do that, this creature has been slowed.
Kostadis Roussos: But he moves… Over here, and I just need one more second… Alright, is that for Europe?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Actually, he's going. He's gonna… Alright, Zephyr, you're up. Where do you go?
Thomas Kolivakis: I'm quite far from the enemy.
Thomas Kolivakis: swap.
Thomas Kolivakis: Let's see if I can get there.
Kostadis Roussos: Oops.
Kostadis Roussos: Remember, they are up in the area.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: You may want to use ranged weapons.
Thomas Kolivakis: Good.
Thomas Kolivakis: Can I… Move before hitting.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, of course. You can move, hit, and then move again.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, I'll come here… wait, let me move… Oh, wait, I'm just… Okay.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah, I'll go here, so I could be in range of this cargo here.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah, and I'll hit it with my… Pistol?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you have a pistol, okay.
Thomas Kolivakis: Has it… has it had a…
Thomas Kolivakis: Action yet? Or, like, an attack?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, it has.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Yeah, no, it hasn't… it has had an action.
Thomas Kolivakis: What's it, AC?
Kostadis Roussos: Hc is 15.
Thomas Kolivakis: this.
Thomas Kolivakis: It is on Gunner Driveway.
Thomas Kolivakis: Is my pistol happen?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I think you're done. Sequoia.
Kostadis Roussos: Europe.
Nicholas Roussos: Bye.
Nicholas Roussos: Born… Oh, this girl over here, I'll try and attack.
Nicholas Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: What are you attacking with? Remember, it is flying.
Nicholas Roussos: Is this slime?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, they're all flying.
Nicholas Roussos: Flying.
Kostadis Roussos: So another option you can do is…
Nicholas Roussos: truck.
Nicholas Roussos: Can I…
Kostadis Roussos: I'll just give you another option.
Nicholas Roussos: Can I cast a jump and try and jump onto it?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, jump, though, is an action, so you can't attack the front.
Nicholas Roussos: Bone affection.
Kostadis Roussos: electron.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, in that case, yes.
Nicholas Roussos: Alright, I'll cast Jump.
Nicholas Roussos: Jump up to it, and then attack it.
Nicholas Roussos: And, brutally myth.
Kostadis Roussos: You missed.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Nicholas Roussos: I have a question, are you allowed to cast more than one bell in a round, even if you have one with an action and a bonus action?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm sorry?
Nicholas Roussos: Can you cast more than one spell in a round?
Kostadis Roussos: You can only cast a cantrip and a spell, that's the one canonical rule of Dungeons & Dragons. You can't cast two full spells.
Kostadis Roussos: And using a wand is considered a spell.
Thomas Kolivakis: Fantastic.
Kostadis Roussos: Pardon me?
Thomas Kolivakis: You can't cast two spells per row.
Nicholas Roussos: I gave one of the reaction of…
Kostadis Roussos: Dude, what is it that you want to do?
Nicholas Roussos: Oh, no, it's just gonna cut.
Nicholas Roussos: No, I was just curious, because I wanted to know if I could cast Silvery Barbs at some point this round, or if not, if I cast a jump.
Nicholas Roussos: To the DAT2 reaction.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Nicholas Roussos: I can?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm sorry, I'm sorry, my brain… I'm trying to juggle too many balls at once. Ask your question again, my apologies.
Nicholas Roussos: Filvery Barb is the reaction, can I cast it even though I cast a jump this turn?
Kostadis Roussos: Is Silvery Barb the cantrip?
Nicholas Roussos: It's… no.
Kostadis Roussos: No, it's… you can't. It can only be cast as a… only one spell at a time.
Nicholas Roussos: Not this term, but it's the reactions… Though…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you can only cast it once per turn, so… and when your turn comes again, then you can cast it, okay?
Kostadis Roussos: But you can cast it as a reaction if you don't cast any other spells. Does that make sense?
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, cool.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, now I need to roll initiative for this creature.
Kostadis Roussos: Once it's initiative, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Great.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Just then, what happens is the creature expands. You see… Several, sort of, pseudopods.
Kostadis Roussos: Imagine, like, projections that come out and are sort of… Reaching out.
Kostadis Roussos: And you also start to see it move.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Sequoia, you did your turn. Alright, Comer.
Kostadis Roussos: Bomer's like… I'm going to put some distance between me and that creature.
Kostadis Roussos: Move 10 feet here.
Kostadis Roussos: And I shall do… Both the same girl, both, essentially both.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, I'm gonna cast that, I'm gonna cast the third goal.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, 3D8. So you cast that, let's see, Xenia's, his, spell DC is 16, right, so they blow it. Alright, so he does 3d20, 3D8 worth of damage to each of these guys.
Kostadis Roussos: Aha! They take 21 points of damage!
Kostadis Roussos: Thanks.
Kostadis Roussos: And then… He goes over here.
Kostadis Roussos: Actually, they take 11 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Oops.
Kostadis Roussos: I take some lemon… The other guy… Yikes.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: 11 as well.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: No, it's the gargoyles. Okay, this gargoyle has a target right on him, so he's gonna attack you, okay?
Nicholas Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So he claws, that's, Tazinha.
Nicholas Roussos: Okay. Then I've been…
george: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: You just… oh.
Kostadis Roussos: Critical damage. Just took 9 points of damage.
george: Oh, good.
george: Goodbye.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, before, before he does that, Sequoia, do you need any healing?
Nicholas Roussos: Joy? No, I'm good.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, cool. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: This gargoyle… Okay, it's been slowed. Let me move half speed. He will just strike!
Kostadis Roussos: at… Bummer.
Kostadis Roussos: Not to miss.
Kostadis Roussos: That's also a miss. And then he will flee this way.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: And the other gargoyle.
Kostadis Roussos: Everything's been most impacted by us.
Kostadis Roussos: And the guy's, well… Comes up to Comer.
Kostadis Roussos: In the text color.
Kostadis Roussos: Palmer says, gentlemen, don't wish to be rude, but perhaps some protection might be in order?
Kostadis Roussos: Don't forget, I am the Chief Cleric. If I die, bad things will happen to all of you.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay.
Thomas Kolivakis: Let's protect commerce.
Nicholas Roussos: I can't tell if you're… I don't know if you're an idiot or not, but I'm kind of on top of something right now.
Kostadis Roussos: No, that's Xenia. You're just sitting on the ground. Oh, are you also on top of the gargoyle?
Nicholas Roussos: Yes, I jumped up.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't realize that. Okay, I'm gonna put you on top of that.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, we were allowed to jump up?
Nicholas Roussos: No, I have a spell called Jump.
Thomas Kolivakis: Can't jump out.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Okay, Xenia, you're up.
george: Okay, I will attack the guy in one.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
george: I do.
Nicholas Roussos: Why are you… what are you rolling?
george: I did 17.
Nicholas Roussos: Oh, that would be rough.
Kostadis Roussos: Did 17 points of damage?
george: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you killed a gargoyle. Unfortunately, you were up in the air, so roll an acrobatics check to see if you managed to avoid getting hurt as you fell down. Or rather, use the body of the creature to prevent yourself from taking…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you've managed to sit… to land lightly on the ground, using the body as a, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: As a spring.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty. Now the creature.
Kostadis Roussos: Booms.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so the creature moves 10 feet, And then a tax… Palmer.
Kostadis Roussos: Actually, it's slowed, right? So…
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so from about there, he attacks.
Kostadis Roussos: And so what is, what is his attacks? His attacks are…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I did, right?
Kostadis Roussos: First attack?
Kostadis Roussos: They hit, the second attack is a miss, third attack is a critical, so Calmer takes.
Kostadis Roussos: 24?
Kostadis Roussos: 12, 36 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: And now he has to make some sitting throws.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm going to assume collar took of itself.
Kostadis Roussos: Palmer's kind of wounded right now, down to 15 hit points.
Kostadis Roussos: And Commer will… what'll he do? He will…
Nicholas Roussos: Ulamfeld?
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: radiant resolve. Hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Emerge.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, he needs to make some saving throws to see if he recovered from his spells.
Kostadis Roussos: I need to make intros. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: This Constitution…
Kostadis Roussos: Let's see, makes the first one, now does it make the second one? He has to be the 12.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, he does it. He manages to retain his concentration. All right, Zephyr.
Kostadis Roussos: We now realize that this creature, the idol that's moving, is probably the most dangerous thing here.
Thomas Kolivakis: But then… I mean… The one?
Kostadis Roussos: Right, for Europe. The idol statue is, like, very dangerous.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, just keeping that, keeping that.
Thomas Kolivakis: This one over here?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah. I'm gonna call… I'm gonna give it a name so you guys can… I'm gonna give it a name.
Thomas Kolivakis: So it's just moving?
Kostadis Roussos: Yep, it moved, and it launched 3 pseudopods on Palmer, who took 36 points of damage.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah.
Thomas Kolivakis: So… I'll go here, next to it.
Thomas Kolivakis: Sweet.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Thomas Kolivakis: And I will… Sweet.
Kostadis Roussos: Zach?
Thomas Kolivakis: attack.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Remember, you don't have an ally within 5 feet, you don't have an ally within 5 feet, so maybe you want to attack from range.
Thomas Kolivakis: So I can… can I disengage still? I don't think I can…
Kostadis Roussos: But if you have disengage, yeah, you can totally disengage, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: If you have it as a bonus action.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah, so I'll tag general disintage.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay, what's his secret?
Kostadis Roussos: Ac is, 18.
Thomas Kolivakis: $6,000.
Kostadis Roussos: Fixed damage after all of that.
Thomas Kolivakis: Usually, by assessment.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Thomas Kolivakis: gross.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, are you gonna stay there, or are you gonna sit there?
Thomas Kolivakis: I'm gonna disengage.
Thomas Kolivakis: Right? But.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, disengage and move.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yup.
Kostadis Roussos: Move yourself, just to make sure you're not there, that's my point.
Thomas Kolivakis: True.
george: Reasonable.
Thomas Kolivakis: Go ahead and make a comment.
Kostadis Roussos: We live right next to Commerce?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, that's right in the altar, so you probably need to move over here. That makes sense?
Thomas Kolivakis: Correct.
Kostadis Roussos: Sequoia, Europe.
Nicholas Roussos: Yes, sir.
Nicholas Roussos: Oh, I… alright, let me try and attack the thing that I'm on.
Nicholas Roussos: Yep. Hit.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Nicholas Roussos: I don't get a sneak attack bonus, do… don't I?
Kostadis Roussos: No, you do not, because you are sitting on the guide.
Nicholas Roussos: Arguably, I should, because I'm kind of on its ba-
Nicholas Roussos: So, 8…
Kostadis Roussos: Well, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Tell me something creative, role-play, and I will… and we will… and I'll come up with a DC for you to get.
Nicholas Roussos: Sitting on a track.
Nicholas Roussos: I'm sitting on its back, and I am…
Thomas Kolivakis: I benefit not to do?
Nicholas Roussos: It can't… it can't really, like… it can get to me, but… It also… Can't exactly get…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, roll an acrobatics check.
Nicholas Roussos: Aquabar, yeah.
Nicholas Roussos: Oh, it's like, Lucky. Yeah, thank you, Lucky.
Nicholas Roussos: 24.
Nicholas Roussos: It was a 24 authority, it…
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, get it, don't worry about it. Alright, you get your sneak attack.
Nicholas Roussos: Alright, one sec, what did I roll for?
Thomas Kolivakis: Do you think, like.
Nicholas Roussos: 25.
Thomas Kolivakis: Rip off its weekly. 25.
Kostadis Roussos: 45?
Nicholas Roussos: No, no, no, no, 26, sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: 26. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: 26 points of damage, alright, it's down.
Nicholas Roussos: I hit, I hit…
Kostadis Roussos: 8 hit points?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Is it still flying?
Nicholas Roussos: Yo… Is it?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Nicholas Roussos: And then the sixth one says, damn it!
Kostadis Roussos: You did 6 points of damage?
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Down to two hit points. All right.
Kostadis Roussos: Bummer. Bomer's like, I am going to do this. It's gonna go 1… 1… Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: If you chose to make a saying, John.
Kostadis Roussos: I made a saving throw, so it only takes 9 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so he takes 7 plates of damage, but he is not… immobilized.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, now, Calmer is going to heal himself again.
Kostadis Roussos: He's going to use a third level spell slot to cure himself of the cure worms.
Kostadis Roussos: He is now fully healed.
Kostadis Roussos: Oops.
Kostadis Roussos: He's now fully healed. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And then… Who's gonna go…
Kostadis Roussos: Right? So that that guy has to make the same throw.
Kostadis Roussos: Blows it, 4 how much damage? 14 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Make a rea… do you have any reactions left, Sequoia?
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah?
Kostadis Roussos: Roll a D20.
Nicholas Roussos: Wait, who got attacked?
Kostadis Roussos: You didn't get attacked, but unfortunately, Calmer killed the gargoyle you were sitting on, so you have to roll in a reaction to see if you avoid taking any damage as it falls down.
Kostadis Roussos: Acrobatics check.
Nicholas Roussos: 30? Does that pass?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, yeah, that passes. In fact, you know, you just, you kind of, like, it falls down, and you sort of step off it, like that, the scene from,
Kostadis Roussos: Pirates of the Caribbean.
Nicholas Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Nicholas Roussos: But I can't fail acrobatics checks exactly.
Kostadis Roussos: I know.
Nicholas Roussos: You said I need 2 natural ones, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: That column is gonna go here.
Kostadis Roussos: over.
Kostadis Roussos: I said, Colin's gonna go.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, that's where Palmer's going.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty.
Kostadis Roussos: The last gargoyle.
Kostadis Roussos: attacks, Xenia, because he's just standing there.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so the creature attacks.
Kostadis Roussos: It rolls a natural… it rolls a 20, not natural.
Kostadis Roussos: You take 4 points of damage?
george: Lord.
Kostadis Roussos: What's your armor class in ya?
george: 17.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you take another… 5 points of damage, and the creature flits off.
Kostadis Roussos: Xenia, you're up.
george: I… Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Because the creature…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you can, because he's next to the altar, so you could sort of run, jump off the altar, and hit it.
george: Okay, I'll do that.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
george: It's still 15 dime requests?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, still, still 15 armor class, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: And this time, because you don't have to use your full speed, you can have your bonus action.
george: Okay.
george: A nice little church?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I still get charged.
george: I do… 21.
george: Also, fitness?
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: Is that it, or you got more time?
george: I could do more. Is this what life?
Kostadis Roussos: That's all I've…
george: God, Mike.
george: I miss both.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, both times?
george: Yep.
george: Could I go to the bathroom really quick?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, go, go, of course, that's fine.
Thomas Kolivakis: Can you stop someone if they're in the air?
Kostadis Roussos: Can I stab someone if they're in the air.
Thomas Kolivakis: And, like, within a reach.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, if you can. They're within reach, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: By the way, if you guys want to listen to audio while the combat's going.
Kostadis Roussos: You can click on this link.
Kostadis Roussos: Music battle sounds.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: The Juggernaut.
Kostadis Roussos: Now, what does the juggernaut do?
Kostadis Roussos: All right.
Kostadis Roussos: The Juggernaut was 10…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Hey, Zephyr, you were… were you around? Actually, yes, you were. Xenia was up in the air. So Zephyr, you just got…
Kostadis Roussos: mauled by this juggernaut. It, like, literally rolled over you.
Kostadis Roussos: Roll a saving throw.
Kostadis Roussos: To see if you manage to dodge it.
Thomas Kolivakis: Dexterity.
Kostadis Roussos: 617.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, well, if it's dexterity, I think…
Thomas Kolivakis: No damage if I make it.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Thomas Kolivakis: 2019, I meet it.
Kostadis Roussos: We made it.
Kostadis Roussos: Well done! You managed to… it tries to roll over you and misses completely.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Zephyr, you're up.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, it also takes damage, though, because it's in calmer zone.
Thomas Kolivakis: I'll attack it.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, let me just see.
Kostadis Roussos: Take some damage. Blue saving throw, so 3D8…
Kostadis Roussos: Being points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Zephyr, you're up.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: You're going to attack?
Thomas Kolivakis: No, I have tech with Advantage Custiko, is that right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you get your… you don't advantage, but you get your seniors.
Thomas Kolivakis: I get my son to get that.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah, that's… ugh.
Thomas Kolivakis: 46.
Kostadis Roussos: Or D6? Okay, both for damage?
Thomas Kolivakis: But I'll also, instead of doing all four dies, I'll, I'll do, the… trip that takes 1D6 out.
Thomas Kolivakis: We're just gonna make it have the same condition. Doesn't succeed at DC15, sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, let me just see if he's immune to prone.
Kostadis Roussos: It's a rolling creature, so it can't be toppled, so you wouldn't… you would notice that it can't be toppled, so you wouldn't use that condition.
Thomas Kolivakis: So instead of that… I'll do, poison.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the poison doesn't affect it, it's immune to the poison, what's the damage it took?
Thomas Kolivakis: I'm 60. I want to buy your phone.
Kostadis Roussos: 16?
Kostadis Roussos: All right. Sequoia, you're up.
Nicholas Roussos: Okay?
Nicholas Roussos: Second…
Kostadis Roussos: But by the way, you've noticed that that creature, when it moves in a straight line, can crush you.
Nicholas Roussos: The Juggernaut?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: So, whatever you do, you do not want to be in a straight line of it.
Nicholas Roussos: Can I tap.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you can attack it, I'm just saying, after you're done attacking it, just be aware.
Thomas Kolivakis: It's fine, I have good dexterity.
Kostadis Roussos: Is that fair? Is that… Zephyr, by the way, is that where you want to keep standing, or do you want to be somewhere else?
Nicholas Roussos: What's it say, C?
Thomas Kolivakis: Well, I'll use my bonus action, that's a disengage, go.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, but if you do that, Zach Sequoia doesn't get a sneak attack bonus. Don't recall.
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright, well, I have, I have hope.
Thomas Kolivakis: Stay next.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you'll stay there? Okay, Sequoia.
Nicholas Roussos: What's the AC?
Kostadis Roussos: You hit.
Kostadis Roussos: 15. Thank you.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, sorry, 18, sorry, 18, you missed.
Nicholas Roussos: Alright, dagger, then.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, it's a hit.
Kostadis Roussos: Wow, 25 points of damage.
george: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Sequoia, are you gonna stand there, or are you gonna move somewhere else?
Nicholas Roussos: I'm gonna move, just gonna…
Kostadis Roussos: pick a location.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty.
Kostadis Roussos: Meanwhile, the other thing you noticed is you see that altar over here? It's turned into rubble.
Thomas Kolivakis: I mean…
Kostadis Roussos: Well, when the creature rolled through it, it turned into rubble.
Thomas Kolivakis: Did the… did the author have some significance?
Thomas Kolivakis: I'm just…
Kostadis Roussos: You may… yes, but not right now. Now it's been turned into rubble.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, calmer. It did if you were the Water Temple, but not, not otherwise.
Kostadis Roussos: All right.
Kostadis Roussos: Calmer, what does Calmer do?
Kostadis Roussos: Someone's like.
Thomas Kolivakis: Where's Colorado?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Thomas Kolivakis: Code comments are attracted juggernauts, so it isn't them…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: That's not just holding.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so he's gonna use Toll the dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Nice, 19 points of damage, as long as the creature blows its same throw.
Kostadis Roussos: And this controls are very low, so it blows the same throat.
Kostadis Roussos: The creature takes 19 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Calmer then, decides… That, you know, as much as he loves heroic combat.
Kostadis Roussos: He's gonna go over there.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. He goes and closes the door behind him.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, Zephyr, you're up.
Kostadis Roussos: No, so… Boy, sorry, no, I take it back, the gargoyle is up.
Kostadis Roussos: It is Gargoyle.
Kostadis Roussos: Sees Xenia on the altar that's been reduced to rubble and attacks it… attacks him.
Kostadis Roussos: First attack is a critical.
Kostadis Roussos: You take, endpoints of damage? By the way, do you need healing?
george: I'm a twin.
Kostadis Roussos: And what's the damage?
george: 10, and then 12.
Kostadis Roussos: that.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And then, this one here… Take another 5.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you probably want healing, you might want to tell that to Palmer.
george: I'll talk over.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: He, you might want to run to him, for example.
george: You're good.
Kostadis Roussos: It's not right now, obviously, because right now…
Kostadis Roussos: No, actually, it's your turn. It's your turn for combat.
george: I went to Colman.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, you haven't done your attack yet.
george: I attack…
george: And they've missed both stamps.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay? Are you gonna disengage and run to Commerce?
george: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: You two go through the…
Kostadis Roussos: Now it's the Juggernaut's turn. The Juggernaut only has exactly one target to hit, so he's gonna attack you. After seeing how successful his rolling over failed.
Kostadis Roussos: He's going to, just hit you.
Kostadis Roussos: Valley attacks, once… It's… Twice?
Kostadis Roussos: Three times. What's your armor class, Zephyr?
Thomas Kolivakis: It's…
Kostadis Roussos: What's your armor class next?
Thomas Kolivakis: 16.
george: 17.
Kostadis Roussos: We've been to… I know, Zephyr, you just took 36 points of debt.
Thomas Kolivakis: Not a dexterity thing, or no?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, that's just a normal attack.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, did we have a long rest before this?
Kostadis Roussos: No, he did not.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay, I'm dead.
Kostadis Roussos: You're dead? You're knocked out?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, alright, you're knocked out. Make a death save?
Kostadis Roussos: Did you make a death save?
Thomas Kolivakis: By 14, yep, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Created, alright. Sequoia, you're up.
Nicholas Roussos: Alright, let's get rid of this… is that for down?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, Zephyr's down.
Nicholas Roussos: Just now?
Kostadis Roussos: Kyle, the rest of your group, What?
Nicholas Roussos: Wait… Sorry, you must have cut out that note. I…
Thomas Kolivakis: Huh? Where is it going?
Thomas Kolivakis: Fine. All in one.
Nicholas Roussos: I didn't hear…
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, this…
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just pointing out.
Thomas Kolivakis: Works.
Kostadis Roussos: It's fine, it's fine. So, Zephyr went down.
Thomas Kolivakis: everything done.
Nicholas Roussos: Can I cast Dilvery Barbs on whatever attacked him?
Kostadis Roussos: That would be the Juggerdot. There's this other creature, there's also the Sequoia, yeah, you can do it up… you can cast it on a.
Nicholas Roussos: Even though I didn't… the thing, I didn't hear when he went down, I'm with you.
Kostadis Roussos: Stillbury Barbecue?
Nicholas Roussos: It's a reaction that forces you to re-roll and use the lower…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, let's do that. Use your silvery barbs, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he missed, so Sequoia… Zephyr only took 24 voices.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah. Zephyr, you took, 24 points of damage.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay.
Thomas Kolivakis: Instead of 36?
Kostadis Roussos: Are you still dead?
Kostadis Roussos: Are you alive? I'm not. Still dead. Alright, what was…
Kostadis Roussos: That's… it was a good try. All right, that's… Sequoia, you're up.
Nicholas Roussos: Alright, you guys just gonna leave me stranded in here?
Kostadis Roussos: No, you can, you can join, you can join them, you can join them.
Nicholas Roussos: Can I try… can I dash?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, of course.
Kostadis Roussos: You just don't want to dash through the juggernaut, just as an FYI.
Nicholas Roussos: I'm gonna… can I pick… can I pick Zephyr up?
Kostadis Roussos: You can grab them, yes.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, I just wanna dr- can I, like, drag him over?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Nicholas Roussos: Alright, so I'm gonna drag him over.
Nicholas Roussos: empty here.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you're over there as well?
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Palmer turns to Xenia, first of all, he says, let's, let's heal this guy. First things first.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: You now have 20 hit points.
george: It's… I came to anywhere I have to.
Kostadis Roussos: You, you just… he's saying to, to Calmer, so to, to Xenia, to Zephyr, you have 20 hit points.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, I have tiny headphones.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you're no longer dead.
Thomas Kolivakis: Who Hilton?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you're no longer dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Comer then says, Gentlemen, let me do something. He opens the door, Goes like this.
Kostadis Roussos: So the creature, hopefully, is slowed down.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, so you can, you know, roll out?
Kostadis Roussos: Comer says, do you think the doors are gonna stop him?
george: Weird.
Kostadis Roussos: Carmen was like, maybe it will, maybe it won't, but if I slow him down, he can't race as fast after us.
Kostadis Roussos: Remember, that's another effect of his spell. So he managed to slow him down, and he does… 3d8…
Kostadis Roussos: 21 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: The creature's definitely looking in bad shape.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Palmer then, moves back over here, that's 20 feet.
Kostadis Roussos: And then goes over here.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: The gargoyle… Starts banging at the door. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Xenia and Sequoia, are you guys gonna try to hold the door shut?
Nicholas Roussos: Yep.
george: Sure.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, I know, I can't.
Kostadis Roussos: Roll, roll a strength check.
Kostadis Roussos: Pull your strength, and I…
george: For two years.
Kostadis Roussos: guys roll.
Kostadis Roussos: We rolled a 14, alright.
Nicholas Roussos: 10.
Kostadis Roussos: feature…
Kostadis Roussos: He… the creature manages to open the door, so the door is opened.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, but he doesn't get to attack this round. Xenia, you're up.
Kostadis Roussos: you want to not be next to the creature, that's the area I have.
george: I'll go behind Homer.
Kostadis Roussos: Go behind Calmer? Do you want to hit first and go behind Calmer, or go behind Calmer?
george: I'll hit, then go ahead and comment.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: You're rolled a hit.
george: I do 10% damage.
Kostadis Roussos: What's the damage?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: No, the juggernaut.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the juggernaut stops moving.
Kostadis Roussos: That's what it's doing this time.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, except for Europe.
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright.
Thomas Kolivakis: Now, I will exact my revenge on the juggernaut.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, just so you know, there's the… the gargoyle is standing right next to you, right?
Thomas Kolivakis: Is he…
Kostadis Roussos: Indeed.
Kostadis Roussos: No, he's not. Sequoia is within 5 feet of him, so you get your sneak attack bonus.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay.
Thomas Kolivakis: I'll attract them.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Thomas Kolivakis: And hit.
Thomas Kolivakis: Core.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Thomas Kolivakis: What?
Thomas Kolivakis: 26 times.
Kostadis Roussos: 6 damage. The creature dies.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Sequoia, you're up.
Nicholas Roussos: I'm up.
Nicholas Roussos: So we're gonna try and kill the juggernaut?
Kostadis Roussos: That's what I thought you guys were doing, yup.
Nicholas Roussos: Zephyr, could you stay there, then?
Nicholas Roussos: How much health does Juggernaut have left?
Kostadis Roussos: How many hit points? Not very many.
Nicholas Roussos: Can I get a number to the one?
Kostadis Roussos: You want a number?
Kostadis Roussos: About 20 hit points.
Kostadis Roussos: That's funny.
Nicholas Roussos: Nearby, then?
Nicholas Roussos: Vesa, can you stand nearby so I can get my sneak attack?
Thomas Kolivakis: Me?
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, can you… he's saying, Zephyr, would you mind get… being the sacrificial lamb again?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yes, yes.
Nicholas Roussos: I moved you over.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay.
Nicholas Roussos: Mmm…
Nicholas Roussos: And then…
Nicholas Roussos: There. Hit.
Kostadis Roussos: Good?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: 18. So, how much damage?
Kostadis Roussos: 18, right? It's not dead yet.
Nicholas Roussos: I'll disengage and take Zephyr back with me.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you're gonna pull Zephyr back?
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Boom.
Nicholas Roussos: I'll disengage and do that.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he attacks, he attacks the, he attacks Zephyr with disadvantage.
Kostadis Roussos: Part of his reaction.
Kostadis Roussos: And this is…
Nicholas Roussos: Dude, I'm about to cast silvery barbs, dude, if that hit.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Nicholas Roussos: boom.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so now it's Calmer's turn, yeah?
Kostadis Roussos: Great.
Kostadis Roussos: Homer…
Kostadis Roussos: Calmer then walks into the guide zone.
Kostadis Roussos: It sure does.
Kostadis Roussos: Still, that's a miss.
Kostadis Roussos: Welcome to Damage.
Kostadis Roussos: And with that, you kill the juggernaut. It stops moving.
Kostadis Roussos: Whoops! That was a bit of a… a bit of a combat.
Thomas Kolivakis: Hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: H.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so you want to look around what you've managed so far?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So… Alright, you look up the treasure, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Let's see what you… alright, so what are you guys gonna find?
Thomas Kolivakis: We'll keep going… wait.
Thomas Kolivakis: We've looted here, right? Okay.
Thomas Kolivakis: Are we done with the water temple?
Kostadis Roussos: There's a couple more chambers you can explore.
Thomas Kolivakis: over here?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, further south. Alright.
Thomas Kolivakis: Let's cool.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on, do you want to hear about the treasure or not?
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, yeah, sure.
Kostadis Roussos: And Palmer's also saying, I want to take a short rest.
Kostadis Roussos: All right. Well, Karma doesn't want to take a short rest, but the rest of you might want to take a short rest.
george: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, tell me when you guys are done with your short rest.
Thomas Kolivakis: Bird rest? Okay.
Nicholas Roussos: What?
Kostadis Roussos: Short rest.
Nicholas Roussos: I know.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
george: Wait, how much.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm… You heal, well, you heal up… what level are you? You're level 8?
george: Hell yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? For every level you are, you can roll a D8, that's what your hit points are.
Kostadis Roussos: So if you're… up to the…
Kostadis Roussos: Every long rest, you can roll up to 8D8 worth of short rest hit points.
Kostadis Roussos: So, if you want to roll 3d8, 4D8, 5D8, that's up to you.
george: Beautiful.
george: I'm done.
Kostadis Roussos: You're done?
george: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you, you want to explore the, the, the monsters, the, the, whatchamall call it?
Kostadis Roussos: The monster's, body?
Kostadis Roussos: Let's see if there's anything worthy of loot.
george: Sure.
Kostadis Roussos: Bird.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the creature is covered in, gems.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: And so, he has 17 A gates, so that's 10 gold pieces each.
Kostadis Roussos: So, start adding gold to your piles, alright?
george: So how much?
Kostadis Roussos: 40 gold?
Kostadis Roussos: I just realized that…
Nicholas Roussos: kind of rich.
Kostadis Roussos: Hey, you guys got money now. Alright.
Nicholas Roussos: No, I mean, I had 1500 before.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
george: 500.
Kostadis Roussos: You guys, you guys are kind of loaded, time to go into town to spend some money.
Nicholas Roussos: So, 40 plus?
Kostadis Roussos: From… 40 plus another… 40?
Kostadis Roussos: Less another 70?
Kostadis Roussos: Plus another 100.
Kostadis Roussos: Plus another 100… What's another 150?
Nicholas Roussos: What!
Kostadis Roussos: 80… 100…
Kostadis Roussos: That… there's a lot of gems on the creature. It's got 17… here, I'll just cut and paste it for you.
Thomas Kolivakis: Whoa.
Kostadis Roussos: That's true.
Kostadis Roussos: I put it in the Discord chat so you guys get a FLIO for, like, how many gems it had.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, with that treasure, there's an opportunity to keep exploring this area.
Kostadis Roussos: Everybody took their short rest?
Kostadis Roussos: All right. Palmer's like, see? I told you gentlemen, that we would get lots of treasure?
Kostadis Roussos: Don't you agree with me that I made the right call?
Nicholas Roussos: Didn't we all agree with you?
Thomas Kolivakis: Did you write in the disc with the mic?
Thomas Kolivakis: above the floor.
Kostadis Roussos: Whoops.
Thomas Kolivakis: both quantity?
Nicholas Roussos: It's 70, 70, 80, 100, 100, 150.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, that's not… that's divided by 4, so it's 170…
Nicholas Roussos: Oh, you did… oh, sorry.
Thomas Kolivakis: Well, 170 pixels.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, if you want to know, it's 100… I'll do the math for you. 170.
Kostadis Roussos: 170 plus 150.
Kostadis Roussos: Interesting.
Kostadis Roussos: Those weren't good.
Kostadis Roussos: plus 300.
Kostadis Roussos: plus 600.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, 500 each.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: That's how much you should all add.
Nicholas Roussos: How much gold are y'all sitting at?
Kostadis Roussos: So, Calmer's got 2,500.
Nicholas Roussos: I have two.
Kostadis Roussos: You guys are loaded!
Nicholas Roussos: I need to go into town at some point and just buy some stuff.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, you know, you are the new masters of the lower… of the Upper Temple. It doesn't hurt to go into town and see what Nub has to offer to sale to the new rulers of the area.
Nicholas Roussos: Is there any, like, per- like, magical items that come with being the leader?
Kostadis Roussos: That's, yeah, the ones you've stolen from the Waterdon.
Kostadis Roussos: The Fire Temple.
Nicholas Roussos: Is there, like, a royal stash anywhere?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, you know what you never did? You never really explored what was in Cannon Belsoring's room. Remember when you guys were, like, so quick to go through? You never really explored what was in the body.
Nicholas Roussos: You wanna go over there?
Kostadis Roussos: Look at what's in use.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so you never actually explored what was in here.
Nicholas Roussos: Alright, let's go.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
george: Got it.
george: Weird.
Kostadis Roussos: So, in this run, Defined… Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so in this room, which was… remember the two clerics that you killed in the first round? You find two gold rings shaped like sea creatures.
Kostadis Roussos: Each worth 500 gold pieces.
Thomas Kolivakis: If…
Nicholas Roussos: That's $2.50 each.
george: 100 each.
Kostadis Roussos: $250 each, yeah, yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, this, And then, you also find…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so I presume you're looking around?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, defined, role, role investigations.
Nicholas Roussos: 24?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: you can find…
Kostadis Roussos: A spell of Resist Poison, Scroll of True Seeing, and a spell scroll of resist energy.
Kostadis Roussos: Rips?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So… From there… You go over here, where cannonball Soaring was.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so that's good. Alright, and here you find Cannonville Soaring's Cadaver.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. You look over his corpse.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: And you see that he was, he's got a bunch of stuff. He's got… An ivory tray.
Kostadis Roussos: 6 bowls of serpentine inlay, 6 crystal decanters, 6 stemmed cups, lanterns with continual flame effects, brass braziers, plate mail, shield, mace, green silk robes with threads of gold, set with perdot, a bronze senser covered in verdigris, 10 blocks of fine incense.
Kostadis Roussos: You'll also find a book of rites of the Temple of water, six books of lore, a trident.
Thomas Kolivakis: I read that.
Kostadis Roussos: Trust.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, bye.
Kostadis Roussos: Commerce list. Yes, yes, I think this is absolutely…
Kostadis Roussos: Right. In just a coral box, 100 tiny seed propals.
Kostadis Roussos: And you also find a bunch of magic items.
Thomas Kolivakis: What are these machines?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm about to explain… I'm about to cut and paste them here.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, Calmer says, I will take, grabs the spell of Flamestrike.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: And in terms of the treasure.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, there's a lot of treasure rooms.
Kostadis Roussos: On Calmer, as well, you find some treasure.
Kostadis Roussos: We've got a ring of free action.
Kostadis Roussos: Probably not on Karma, on Velshornig himself.
Kostadis Roussos: A mace of Smiting.
Kostadis Roussos: And half plate plus one.
Kostadis Roussos: And he's also… Got a gold belt.
Kostadis Roussos: Worth, 500 gold pieces.
Nicholas Roussos: So how much each is that?
Kostadis Roussos: Let me do the math.
Kostadis Roussos: So… Just keep a bath theater.
Kostadis Roussos: 50…
Kostadis Roussos: That's 12… Whoa…
Kostadis Roussos: Do you guys, want to take the robe of the Chief Water Temple, or do you want to keep it around to give to potentially a new recruit?
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, keep it around.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so I'm not adding that into the treasure.
Kostadis Roussos: So, another 250 gold peaches each.
Kostadis Roussos: What'd you say?
george: 250 each.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, $250 each.
george: I'm always at 4K?
Kostadis Roussos: That's what happens when you're a monk. You can't buy armor, you can't buy weapons, so what are you gonna do with all that gold?
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Nicholas Roussos: Health potions.
Kostadis Roussos: Just then, as you're…
Kostadis Roussos: Just as you're, dealing with all of the treasure, someone knocks at the door.
Kostadis Roussos: the North.
Kostadis Roussos: Boom.
Kostadis Roussos: What do you guys do?
george: Someone knocked out of there.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, somebody knocked at the door. You hear somebody knocking at the door.
george: We peep…
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, how much do I add?
Kostadis Roussos: 8.
george: Is there people?
Nicholas Roussos: I'm sorry, I didn't hear how much do I add each?
Kostadis Roussos: 250 gold pieces.
Nicholas Roussos: Hey, wow.
Nicholas Roussos: Alright, now I'm at 2,500.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, I'll open.
Kostadis Roussos: He opens the door.
Kostadis Roussos: And behind you see… What is obviously…
Kostadis Roussos: A former cleric of the Water Temples.
Kostadis Roussos: He's a soft, damp man in cowled green robes with a curled circle stitched front and back.
Kostadis Roussos: He's got plain mail glinting underneath.
Kostadis Roussos: And he doesn't look like he ever was dry. He's got water beads at his hairline, his cuffs.
Kostadis Roussos: And there's this deep stench of water about him.
Kostadis Roussos: You see, he looks at you and goes, before… Yeah. Hello! Hello.
george: Hi.
george: Would you all…
Kostadis Roussos: And he sees Calder and says, Oh, Calder, the great and now glorious leader of the temple, the Upper Temple, I, as a lowly member of the water temple, wish to beseech you. Then before you decide, and should you decide slowly, you strike me as someone who does…
Kostadis Roussos: You strike me as the people who decide too fast, let me tell you what's in my head, because it is worth more to your love than my blood is worth on that nice floor.
george: You'll hear you out.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Calmer says, Xenia, why don't you come ahead? You're much better at these negotiations.
george: Okay, I'll go, I'll go ahead.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: He turns to you and says, Bill Thorning is dead.
Kostadis Roussos: And he goes like this.
Kostadis Roussos: I wiped.
Kostadis Roussos: the regulation amount. Now, the Treasury…
Kostadis Roussos: Under the treasure of the fourth basin doesn't flow because it drains to a sump only I can find, and the trolls he was buying. That contract isn't signed yet. Kill me, and you go looking for both. Keep me, and I hand them to you by supper.
george: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: But one of the assignments you've got from Barkinar is to go deal with the trolls.
george: I was like, okay, but how do I know I can trust you?
george: I'll send Samoa to go with you.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, I have never been happy, but, he goes, I pledge, I do not pledge my loyalty only here, I pledge my loyalty to Calder and the new leadership of the Earth Temple and of the Lower Temple.
Thomas Kolivakis: Hmm.
george: You're talking to them.
Kostadis Roussos: No, he's pledging his loyalty, so, like, the question is, do you believe him? Do you accept it? I mean, Zephyr, this is, this guy seems… this guy seems very willing to suddenly follow you.
george: I don't completely trust him.
george: But I'll let him do it, but I won't let him do it alone.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, that's fine, so he's… I will, I will, of course… Xenia, that is your name? The masked one.
Kostadis Roussos: The killer… The seer of all… he's like.
Kostadis Roussos: blazing you right now, in case I'm not doing it very well.
Kostadis Roussos: He's glazing everybody right now, just in case.
Kostadis Roussos: Then he looks at Zephyr. Oh, be so blessed, Culber, to have one of the Abyssal's creatures own as an ally!
Kostadis Roussos: He's talking about you.
Nicholas Roussos: Yes, yes, yes, yes, we accept your recruit.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm so gracious! And he points at the robes that you guys haven't filtered. And now, as the Chief Cleric, may I have the robes?
Nicholas Roussos: Oh, you're not the chief cleric.
Nicholas Roussos: Oh, of the water temple.
Kostadis Roussos: the water temple.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes. I would not, I would, I would not presume, presume it would be beyond me.
Kostadis Roussos: resumed to become the chief cleric, because after all, is not Culver the head cleric? Is it not his turn to lead us to glory? Do we trust him yet to be?
Nicholas Roussos: Do we trust him yet?
george: To become head? I'll ask him to prove himself before becoming head.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: prove myself!
george: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Follow.
Nicholas Roussos: You know, we need to go through the full hiring process, and frankly, we need.
Kostadis Roussos: Hello, no, no, I, I'm, I am loyal. I'm extremely loyal.
Nicholas Roussos: No, no, no, no, we know, but we want to see what you can do, we want to know, be like…
george: Well, I'll see you in action.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, well, I mean, shall we start with the most obvious?
Kostadis Roussos: The treasure.
Nicholas Roussos: You're offering bribery?
Kostadis Roussos: No, I'm not offering bribery! I'm offering you access to the treasure and gold that was hidden by Belsornig, and he was planning to abscond with…
Nicholas Roussos: Deal, yup, no, we're good.
Nicholas Roussos: Guys, is that good?
Kostadis Roussos: So you're good?
Kostadis Roussos: But that, IUD positive, I don't want you to think that is all that I could offer. I can offer so much more, as long as you were to make me…
Nicholas Roussos: comfortable, but… Everybody, we think we're…
Kostadis Roussos: That's a good starting point, is that what you're saying?
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
Nicholas Roussos: The Fredinh, you guys think it's good?
george: If he doesn't, then we'll give him.
george: the ropes.
Nicholas Roussos: Are we good to accept him?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah.
Nicholas Roussos: Alright, let's go through this treasure you were talking about.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you walk into the basin.
Kostadis Roussos: And, inside of the basin, he looks at it and goes.
Kostadis Roussos: creature, that creature damaged the basin. Nevertheless, nevertheless, he says, we should… if one of you would be so kind as to move the rubble.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yes, I will do that.
Kostadis Roussos: Palmer says, hey, hold on, it might be a trap.
Thomas Kolivakis: bed.
george: Why don't you do yourself.
Thomas Kolivakis: Indeed.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, oh, very well, very well. So he starts moving through all the traps. He starts moving all, he goes, he pulls out a trap.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, come on.
Kostadis Roussos: Here is Belsornig's getaway cash, the money he was planning to abscond with and hold on to for all time.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay. Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright He goes…
Nicholas Roussos: I should…
Kostadis Roussos: I went to s…
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, he goes, With this gift, I hope I will have proven my loyalty enough to be considered to be… hold on to the robes. I understand it's a provisional thing, I understand it's only temporary, but it would be so glorious to hold those robes, and just for a moment, imagine myself as the head of the Water Cleric underneath the all-powerful Earth Temple Cleric, Comer.
Thomas Kolivakis: I feel like he's trying to… Fair enough.
Nicholas Roussos: Yep, looking pretty good.
Kostadis Roussos: So… You good? Xenia, what do you think?
george: Allowed.
Thomas Kolivakis: Might be tricking us, but it's okay.
Kostadis Roussos: It's okay. I mean, he's, after all, only one cleric, how much harm…
Kostadis Roussos: We're gonna keep an eye on him.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you open the chest, and you find 3,000 gold pieces worth of gold in assorted gems, jewelry, and whatnot.
Kostadis Roussos: 1,250 gold each.
Nicholas Roussos: 12… 1,250 gold each.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Thomas Kolivakis: A lot of gold.
Kostadis Roussos: You should have a lot of gold. You should have a lot of gold.
Kostadis Roussos: That…
Nicholas Roussos: I'm at almost 4,000.
george: Remember 5 to 12.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so is…
Thomas Kolivakis: Mexico.
Kostadis Roussos: Everybody's got a lot of goals, we need to go to Nolt.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yep, yep, we have to.
Kostadis Roussos: Just as a side note.
Kostadis Roussos: Dren's gonna expect a share.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, well, we'll open. Why don't.
Kostadis Roussos: If you want to be clear, Dren's gonna expect, you know, some money.
george: a bit.
Thomas Kolivakis: So, bargain?
Kostadis Roussos: He's, you know, he's…
Kostadis Roussos: You guys just made, you know, quite a bit of money, you might want to think about what his share should be, and, like, tell him that this is your share, and all agree on it.
Thomas Kolivakis: Absolutely. Okay.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, no, 10%.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, 10%.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So that's, like, a thousand gold pieces, 250 each.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: So, subtract.
Nicholas Roussos: Oh, personally, I think we should even it out, because some people have more gold than others.
Thomas Kolivakis: So…
george: Robo.
Kostadis Roussos: I see the Temple of Elemental Evil has already started to take root amongst you.
Thomas Kolivakis: No, since I'm the leader, I'll pay.
Thomas Kolivakis: the bigger ship.
george: Like, go ahead.
Kostadis Roussos: Culver goes… Culver's conflicted.
Thomas Kolivakis: No, I never…
Kostadis Roussos: Color's conflicted.
Thomas Kolivakis: Hmm.
Nicholas Roussos: Anything you want to say?
Kostadis Roussos: I think that… No, no, no, no, I think that's fantastic, I think that's an excellent idea.
george: He could pay more, too.
george: The proof is, it's loose.
Kostadis Roussos: Xenia, that is a masterful stroke. Oliver looks at you with some crossed eyes.
Thomas Kolivakis: At this point in time…
Kostadis Roussos: Homer, though.
Thomas Kolivakis: But…
Kostadis Roussos: Tell us!
Thomas Kolivakis: you know.
Kostadis Roussos: Brother?
Thomas Kolivakis: What is…
Kostadis Roussos: Behind the door to the south.
Thomas Kolivakis: Always a diseases and boy.
Nicholas Roussos: I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, I just, is.
Thomas Kolivakis: Need a… need to…
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, oh, that is where the high priest retained all of its powers. Inside is a creature of unparalleled pot warm.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay. …and yield on that.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah, this, this dog…
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, that is a creature of unparalleled power, one that we worshipped, and one that we served, and one that served us.
Thomas Kolivakis: That's fun.
Nicholas Roussos: Can we see it?
Thomas Kolivakis: So it's the same thing with that.
Kostadis Roussos: You wish to see it?
Thomas Kolivakis: Steve?
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: well.
george: Sure.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I will read you the description. Alright, this large room is fashioned of great blocks of polished serpentine. Save the domed ceiling of polished crystals.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, my…
Kostadis Roussos: May to reflect everything in the room in a distorted way, concentrating light upon the center of the large oval pool of water in the center of the chamber.
Thomas Kolivakis: Well, then.
Kostadis Roussos: The pool place seems to be lit with a blue-green light from the pool, and at the same time, the pool seems to absorb light, capturing in its heart. Pale green flames come from eight bronze crescents, four on the.
Thomas Kolivakis: Well, what?
Kostadis Roussos: East Wall and 4 on the west.
Thomas Kolivakis: The floor?
Kostadis Roussos: Flames shed light, but not heat. Apostries of violent.
Thomas Kolivakis: Sort of.
Kostadis Roussos: Cover the east and west sections of the north wall.
Thomas Kolivakis: The South.
Kostadis Roussos: This wall shows a mosaic of some great ten-armed octopoid monster holding a sacrificial victim in each tentacle. The monster is fashioned from a dark purple tile.
Thomas Kolivakis: to work.
Kostadis Roussos: With reddish highlights and green… orbs.
Thomas Kolivakis: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: Cool as an oval.
Thomas Kolivakis: Correct me.
Kostadis Roussos: 20 feet across and 30 feet long, set in a basin of small lapis lazuli tiles.
Thomas Kolivakis: the crystal…
Kostadis Roussos: clear water allows vision to the very bottom of the basin. The edge depth appears to be about 4 feet. The floor stokes steeply to the middle to 12 foot deep, where some sort of humanoid is changed. You suddenly receive a telepathic message.
Thomas Kolivakis: And…
Kostadis Roussos: The Triton is pleading to be released so that it can prevent your death. When the Kraken showed on the wall materializes an attack, it will appear at any moment, so as many as you can, jump into the pool and help the Triton break its chains! Soon, it will be too late!
Thomas Kolivakis: If you move, hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: We'll stop here.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay, have a good… I'll move up with a woman later.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, see ya.
Thomas Kolivakis: I read.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, guys.
Nicholas Roussos: But…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright guys, take care.
Kostadis Roussos: Bye!
george: I…